br: improve visualization of BR (#20493)
pingcap/docs: br/br-snapshot-guide.md

During backup, a progress bar is displayed in the terminal as shown below. When the progress bar advances to 100%, the backup task is completed and statistics such as total backup time, average backup speed, and backup data size are displayed.

> - `total-ranges` indicates the total number of files backed up
> - `ranges-succeed` indicates the number of files successfully backed up
> - `ranges-failed` indicates the number of files that failed to be backed up
> - `backup-total-ranges` indicates the number of tables (including partitions) and indexes backed up
> - `write-CF-files` indicates the number of backed up SSTs containing `write CF` data
> - `default-CF-files` indicates the number of backed up SSTs containing `default CF` data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `total-ranges`: indicates the total number of files that are backed up
- `ranges-succeed`: indicates the number of files that are successfully backed up
- `ranges-failed`: indicates the number of files that failed to be backed up
- `backup-total-ranges`: indicates the number of tables (including partitions) and indexes that are backed up
- `write-CF-files`: indicates the number of backed up SST files that contain `write CF` data
- `default-CF-files`: indicates the number of backed up SST files that contain `default CF` data
```

> - `total-ranges`: indicates the total number of files that are backed up
> - `ranges-succeed`: indicates the number of files that are successfully backed up
> - `ranges-failed`: indicates the number of files that failed to be backed up
> - `backup-total-ranges`: indicates the number of tables (including partitions) and indexes that are backed up
> - `write-CF-files`: indicates the number of backup SST files that contain `write CF` data
> - `default-CF-files`: indicates the number of backup SST files that contain `default CF` data

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `total-ranges`: indicates the total number of files to be backed up.
- `ranges-succeed`: indicates the number of files that are successfully backed up.
- `ranges-failed`: indicates the number of files that failed to be backed up.
- `backup-total-ranges`: indicates the number of tables (including partitions) and indexes that are to be backed up.
- `write-CF-files`: indicates the number of backup SST files that contain `write CF` data.
- `default-CF-files`: indicates the number of backup SST files that contain `default CF` data.
```

During restore, a progress bar is displayed in the terminal as shown below. When the progress bar advances to 100%, the restore task is completed and statistics such as total restore time, average restore speed, and total data size are displayed.

> - `total-ranges` indicates the total number of files restored
> - `ranges-succeed` indicates the number of files successfully restored
> - `ranges-failed` indicates the number of files that failed to be restored
> - `merge-ranges` indicates the time taken to merge the data range
> - `split-region` indicates the time taken to split and scatter regions
> - `restore-files` indicates the time it takes TiKV to download and ingest SSTs
> - `write-CF-files` indicates the number of restored SSTs containing `write CF` data
> - `default-CF-files` indicates the number of restored SSTs containing `default CF` data
> - `split-keys` indicates the number of keys generated for splitting regions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `total-ranges`: indicates the total number of files that are restored
- `ranges-succeed`: indicates the number of files that are successfully restored
- `ranges-failed`: indicates the number of files that failed to be restored
- `merge-ranges`: indicates the time taken to merge the data range
- `split-region`: indicates the time taken to split and scatter regions
- `restore-files`: indicates the time it takes TiKV to download and ingest SST files
- `write-CF-files`: indicates the number of restored SST files that contain `write CF` data
- `default-CF-files`: indicates the number of restored SST files that contain `default CF` data
- `split-keys`: indicates the number of keys generated for splitting regions
```

> - `total-ranges`: indicates the total number of files that are restored
> - `ranges-succeed`: indicates the number of files that are successfully restored
> - `ranges-failed`: indicates the number of files that failed to be restored
> - `merge-ranges`: indicates the time taken to merge the data range
> - `split-region`: indicates the time taken to split and scatter regions
> - `restore-files`: indicates the time it takes TiKV to download and ingest SST files
> - `write-CF-files`: indicates the number of restored SST files that contain `write CF` data
> - `default-CF-files`: indicates the number of restored SST files that contain `default CF` data
> - `split-keys`: indicates the number of keys generated for splitting regions

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `total-ranges`: indicates the total number of files that are to be restored.
- `ranges-succeed`: indicates the number of files that are successfully restored.
- `ranges-failed`: indicates the number of files that failed to be restored.
- `merge-ranges`: indicates the time taken to merge the data range.
- `split-region`: indicates the time taken to split and scatter Regions.
- `restore-files`: indicates the time TiKV takes to download and ingest SST files.
- `write-CF-files`: indicates the number of restored SST files that contain `write CF` data.
- `default-CF-files`: indicates the number of restored SST files that contain `default CF` data.
- `split-keys`: indicates the number of keys generated for splitting Regions.
```
